In this preview, I am showing a woman walking on a stage with the sound of applause, then when her footsteps stop the applause fades away. 
I added the fade out effect to the clip because I didn't think it would be realistic if an audience continued clapping when she stopped
walking. For the next part, as I mentioned in my draft, I am going to have her pass out on stage and the audience gasping in shock. I then 
will have the crowd murmuring and then someone yell, "Someone call an ambulance!". I hope to find a man's voice for this part.
I was also thinking of having people talking loudly and panicky as an interlude before the ambulance comes. 
The ambulance sirens will quickly fade in and I will 
have the sound of doors bursting. They will run past the narrator and there will be voices 
checking her vitals and asking what happened which will be quiet because the narrator is not very close to the stage. However, before that 
I was going to add the sounds of the narrator taking off their coat and sitting down. Maybe even the sound of them shutting off their
iPhone, I don't really know if that's a really recognizable sound, but I thought it might be a good idea. Also since the narrator will be 
wearing coat, I wanted to add some sounds of rain and wind before they enter the concert hall to give the listener information on 
why they are wearing a coat. Maybe some cars driving in the rain in the background outside as well. 
Then once they enter the venue, there will be the sound of them shaking off their umbrella and the sound of squeaky shoes on the
floor. Then the small talk around them can be about the weather and how bad the storm is outside. Then when the narrator sits down in their
seat, I can have the sound of thunder and lightning. I still don't know whether I should have her pass out while the music is playing
or just before it starts. I was thinking more in the middle because I could have the sound of the instruments suddenly stopping and have
that element of surprise for the listener. 
